Case - 2
	

	Check all the input fields and buttons rendered in the page. There are six input fields, named as: fullname, emails, gpa, state, zip, and level. Two buttons, labeled as: Create Profile and Reset
	There are six input fields on this page, labeled as: Full Name, Email, GPA, State, Zip Code, and Academic Level. There are two buttons: one is 'Create Profile' and the other is 'Reset.
	Case - 3
	Fill all the fields and check if they work correctly by ensuring the input fields contain values.
	Every field has validation and input types that validate all the fields. If you leave an input field like 'Full Name' empty and submit the 'Create Profile' button, it will show a validation error stating 'Full Name is required.
	Case - 4
	GPA field validation: number input, value should be between 0.0 - 4.0
	Mandatory field. The number field only accepts numbers from the user. GPA is a number field.
	Case - 5
	State dropdown validation
	Mandatory field. The State dropdown displays all the US states as options, users can type their state directly into the field and select it.
	Case - 6
	emails field validation
	Mandatory field. The emails field accepts a single valid email address or multiple valid email addresses separated by commas as input.
	Case - 7
	Full Name field validation
	Mandatory text field.
	Case - 8
	Zip Code field validation
	Mandatory text field. Accepts five digit valid US ZIP code as value
	Case - 9
	Academic Label field validation
	Mandatory field. Academic Level fields has a dropdown input type that displays all the academic levels as: Freshman, Sophomore, Junior, and Senior. The user can also type their academic level directly into the field and select it
	Case - 10
	Reset Button validation
	If the user clicks on the reset button, it will clear all the input fields in the form
	Case - 11
	Create Profile Button validation
	If the user fills out all the input fields and clicks on the 'Create Profile' button, it will save the input and take the user to the quiz page.